docs(global): update CONTRIBUTING.md (#2670)
benawad/dogehouse: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Supporting translation in new components
1. Add your translation key into the English `translation.json` located in `kibbeh/public/locales/en/translation.json`. Make sure it is put in an appropriate section that makes sense.

> 2. Run `yarn i18`. This will generate all fields into all other `translation.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `yarn i18`. This will sync all fields in all languages, if field doesn't exist it will copy it over from `en`.
```
